Tigers Gym & Fight Club

Tigers Gym is owned and operated by Coach Dan Isaac, former undefeated world champion kickboxer (1993-1995), and Coach Tanya Isaac, a Fitness, Strength and Nutrition specialist. We focus on personal training and group classes for adults, and we have a weekly Youth boxing program. Our assistant coaches include Coach Tony, our Youth boxing Coach, and Honorary Coach Jayden, our fight team Coach.

We offer daily group classes with a new combat discipline each evening. We also offer daily personal training classes that are tailored to your specific training goals. All group classes are 45 minutes or more, and all personal training sessions are 30 minutes or more. Our Youth boxing classes are for ages 8–15, and we require parents/guardians to drop off & pick up or be present during their sessions. Ages 16–18 may attend adult group classes with parent/guardian consent. We must be informed in advance of any preexisting medical condition.

We are a USA Boxing registered gym (the national sanctioning body for amateur boxing), and we are also registered with GAMMAF and WCK. Our members have access to compete at amateur/pro events for boxing, kickboxing, Muay Thai, grappling, and MMA events.

We offer a per-class payment option, class packs to bundle your classes and save money, or monthly membership plans. We do not offer free-of-cost demo classes.
At Tigers Gym, we offer you the best in the business martial arts, fitness, and self-defense classes. We will provide you with the utmost respect and care, including first aid. We will provide you with all necessary information regarding safety and training gear before you begin training. However, you, the member, will always be responsible for your own liabilities. Tigers Gym will not be held responsible for any of your liabilities. By participating in personal training or group classes, Tigers Gym members accept unlimited liability for any risks they undertake.
We are located at 1766 N New Florissant Rd, Florissant, MO 63033 and although you are welcome to stop by whenever we are open, we prefer that you meet us via prior appointment.
If you are interested in training with us, the first step is to call or text to schedule an in-person appointment at Tigers Gym. For more information, text Coach Dan at 314-203-6068 or email tigersgym@gmail.com. If you text or email, please include your first and last name, age, and the specific discipline you are interested in.

Apart from our classes and training programs, Tigers Gym is a community with a mission to support and empower our city through martial arts and fellowship. We offer a weekly Bible Study for all those interested. Everyone is welcome to Tigers Gym as long as you comply with our gym policies.
